Get the post we have the title we will have the title of the post and then we will move this page and
everywhere will not look good if we have that we would really be ok with that.
First we would have died of our post then we would have a separator and then we have the second name.
Awesome we look good.
If you want to have the better description for your post and I really recommend you do it because we
will have the description of our actual proof that.
All right.
OK.
So empty.
Keep this as it is do.
Don't check this out because we want the search engines to index and follow other posts.
Or should you fly them on Facebook.
You can see there will be some results.
There will be the date.
OK.
See this.
Three days ago and let me see some other desserts.
Further if we search for them.
You can see there will be some posts where they will be the date.
Let me see if we have nor there the date.
But sometimes we see the data before the description right here.
OK just like I just show you two days ago.
Let me see if we have our go nets or something else.
Sir we don't.
Maybe we see the dude here.
See one hour ago nobody knows the go this time and this is basically the time and date.
OK.
So I recommend you to keep this ject OK because people know that how when your post was when your Condren
was posted again.
So it depends on if you want or not.
But I always check this occasionally and see but you know we have the S E for our pages how our pages
will behave in the search engine.
We will have the title of the page then we will have separator and then we will have the second name.
Awesome.
No description I recommend you to do right.
OK sure didn't see that preview.
Then we have media there but we have pictures and some videos on her blog.
And then how did you handle it.
We really do.
We really set up here.
OK.
So first we will have the death of the media and then we will have the separator and then we have the
site keep this empty and check this out and make sure you'll be able to save.
OK.
Now let's go to taxonomies.
Let me tell you that what these really do these are good these days and formats.
We don't want the search engine to to show this in the search is there.
Nobody wants to guess our misery index.
Just follow your next follow follow.
Just keep them as it is and see if is
taxonomies as it is now.
Let's talk about the art guys.
OK guys there are no blogger wired guys to show on the search that is what our archives archives are
basically for the archives that basically you can see this technology getgood even open it.
We see our posted do technology that will be our archive.
OK.
Like I have shown you when we set up hours of fun and we make settings of everything if I showed you
what archive is that is the archive we used to have problem with archive is you can ask me OK but let
me tell you again what a guy is a guy was basically the category where we see all of our boards.
Ok for that particular technology you will see both the technology but we don't have any pause right
now.
Think going can help.
We will see positive to the hand.
So this will be our archive.
We don't want search engines to do to follow or index other archives.
So what you can do here miscible the data based archives miscible archives.
OK.
I always do that.
But if you if you want me you want to follow.
You can always check it.
OK.
I'm going to keep these at it as it is Carol.
No there's another dab either.
So I want you to keep it as it is.
Again is the best setting we have right now.
All right.
We are done early social here.
Now we're done with the general that doesn't notice.
Let's talk about the solution.
Now you can link your blog with your Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Plus account.
It is very important for us.
Oh and I do recommend you do it.
OK.
Then when you will search your blog all Google Google knows that you exist on Facebook Twitter Pinterest
Google Plus So Google will beg you good reg you hire.
OK.
So always provide your provide your profiles.
Here again MySpace profile Facebook you do Google Plus all these.
So if we go to Facebook we can added more settings about Facebook but we if we if you want share that
picture what kind of image you are or description you want.
But I want you to keep these emptied because we will do on the boards that we want to write optimize
it for the for everything for Facebook to dip into.
So keep these settings as it is.
OK.
But you can also make Also this setting up if you want.
These are basically the title description and image used in the Open Graph text in the front of your
site.
OK.
This whenever someone shares your site image with a better image will appear that you upload here right
here OK.
That is right in your description of a library that is right here but don't update it because we have
just done in general OK we have just abridged setting of four of our website so you don't need to write
extra settings for especially Facebook.
But if you want when someone shares your post or your specialty reps or not especially upset when someone
shows your she has your website what information you need to be on the Facebook you can provide here.
But if you keep these M-B your general information yet be just write on the general Dubonnet me open
this.
This right here.
Get this.
Oops not this Idylls intimate as the information that was just right here the site name and everything
that we just wrote that information will appear OK.
Site name title of the site and description of the search that is just right.
OK this information appeared before it but if you want a special function to appear you can write those
settings here.
Facebook Twitter for Pink just for a special setting.
OK.
So I hope you guys got the idea what we can do in social.
So we have some other advanced settings.
And I recommended you to keep these settings as it is.
We only need these three important settings to be changed.
OK.
And we are done with these settings.
And you guys know how to use this as you that.
So thank you guys.
What is your intellectual you will should that how we can optimize our boys for the best.
Oh OK.
So thank you for letting me be able to do in the next video.